[stale] Add new GPU classes (#4027)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/configuration-reference.md

      ... // other config
```

> **Note**: Java, Erlang and any other languages that introspect the `/proc` directory for information about CPU count may require additional configuration to prevent them from slowing down when using the Docker resource classes. Programs with this issue may request 32 CPU cores and run slower than they would when requesting one core. Users of languages with this issue should pin their CPU count to their guaranteed CPU resources.

Reviewer: "Users of languages with this issue should pin their CPU count to their guaranteed CPU resources." How do they do that?

Reviewer: Sorry just realised this text is moved rather than added in this PR

##### GPU Executor (Linux)

Class               | vCPUs | RAM | GPUs |    GPU model    | GPU Memory (GiB)
--------------------|-------|-----|------|-----------------|------------------
gpu.nvidia.small\*  |   4   | 15  | 1    | Nvidia Tesla P4 | 8
gpu.nvidia.medium\* |   8   | 30  | 1    | Nvidia Tesla T4 | 16
{: class="table table-striped"}

###### Example Usage
```yaml
jobs:
  build:
    machine: true
    resource_class: gpu.nvidia.small
    steps:
      ... // other config
```

##### GPU Executor (Windows)

Class                       | vCPUs | RAM | GPUs |    GPU model    | GPU Memory (GiB)
----------------------------|-------|-----|------|-----------------|------------------
windows.gpu.nvidia.medium\* |   8   | 30  | 1    | Nvidia Tesla T4 | 16
{: class="table table-striped"}

###### Example Usage
```yaml
version: 2.1

orbs:
  win: circleci/windows@2.3.0

jobs:
  build:
    executor: win/gpu-nvidia
    steps:
      - checkout
      - run: echo 'Hello, Nvidia GPU on Windows'
```

> \* _Items marked with an asterisk require review by our support team. [Open a support ticket](https://support.circleci.com/hc/en-us/requests/new) if you'd like to request access._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\* _Items marked with an asterisk require review by our support team. [Open a support ticket](https://support.circleci.com/hc/en-us/requests/new) if you would like to request access._
```

#### **`project_slug`**

**What is a Project Slug?**

The CircleCI v2 API is backwards compatible with previous API versions in the way it identifies your projects using repository name. For example, if you want to pull information from CircleCI about the GitHub repository https://github.com/CircleCI-Public/circleci-cli you can refer to that in the CircleCI API as `gh/CircleCI-Public/circleci-cli`, which is a "triplet" of the project type, the name of your "organization", and the name of the repository.

For the project type you can use github or bitbucket as well as the shorter forms `gh` or `bb`, which are now supported in API v2. The organization is your username or organization name in your version control system.

With API v2, CircleCI has introduced a string representation of the triplet called the `project_slug`, and takes the following form:

`<project_type>/<org_name>/<repo_name>`

> The `project_slug` is included in the payload when pulling information about a project as well as when looking up a pipeline or workflow by ID. It is important to note that the `project_slug` is just a new name for the existing format, and not a new shape of the URLS that can then be used to retrieve information about a project. It is possible in the future CircleCI may change the shape of a `project_slug`, but in all cases it would be usable as a human-readable identifier for a given project.

Reviewer: I think this whole section was removed from this section of docs recently - maybe after this PR was started, so the PR is trying to insert it back in? @thomasr8?

Reviewer 2: @rosieyohannan Yes, I removed this content from the Configuration Reference Guide.
